Nvptx: Use llbc as default linker (#148499)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustc/src/platform-support/nvptx64-nvidia-cuda.md

## Requirements

> This target is `no_std` using `llvm-bitcode-linker` by default. For PTX output, build with crate-type `cdylib`.

Reviewer: Wording nit:

```suggestion
This target is `no_std`, and uses the `llvm-bitcode-linker` by default. For PTX output, build with crate-type `cdylib`.
```
